USHIFT-4288: Update greenboot.mds with healthcheck (#4437)
openshift/microshift: docs/contributor/greenboot.md

### Health Check Implementation

The script utilizes the MicroShift `healthcheck` command that is part of the
`microshift` binary to reuse procedures already implemented for the MicroShift
core services. 

The script starts by running sanity checks to verify that it is executed from
the `root` account.

> Then, executes `microshift healthcheck` command with following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, it executes `microshift healthcheck` command with following options:
```

- `-v=2` to increase verbosity of the output

> - `--timeout="${WAIT_TIMEOUT_SECS}s"` to override default 300s timeout value

Reviewer: Is 300s the default in the code, or 600?

Author: It's 300s:
https://github.com/openshift/microshift/blob/b7bde43ebf1d0a2b0d650f43bd66546b4d0924ce/pkg/cmd/healthcheck.go#L67

- `--namespace busybox` to specify the Namespace of the workloads
- `--deployments busybox-deployment` to specify Deployment to check the readiness of

> Internally, `microshift healthcheck` with above set of parameters, for a
> specified time, checks if workload of provided type exists, then verifies its
> status so the amount of ready replicas (Pods) matches the expected amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, `microshift healthcheck` checks if workload of the provided type exists and verifies its
status for the specified timeout duration, so the amount of ready replicas (Pods) matches the expected amount.
```

`microshift healthcheck` also accepts other parameters to specify other kinds
of workload: `--daemonsets` and `--statefulsets`. These options take
comma-delimited list of resources, e.g.: `--daemonsets ovnkube-master,ovnkube-node`.

> Alternatively, an `--custom` option can be used with a JSON string, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a `--custom` option can be used with a JSON string, for example:
```
